<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><html xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:prefix="index: http://www.index.com/"><head>
<meta name="dcterms.conformsTo" content="PXE Basic 1.0"></meta>
<meta name="generator" content="PXE Tools version 1.39.109"></meta>
<!--Created by pxe.pl for standard version PXE Basic 1.0,data-profile-product=standard by PXE Tools 1.39.109, partial=false-->
<title>Computer Networking: A Top-Down Approach, 7/e</title><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="sepia" href="../css/sepia.css"></link><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="night" href="../css/night.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/main.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/print.css"></link></head><body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section class="level1"><header><h1 class="title" epub:type="title"></h1></header><div aria-hidden="false" class="longdesc" id="la_4055108025"><p id="P700101195200000000000000000B80A" data-uri="M08_KURO4140_07_SE_C08.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000B80A">In this illustration we see Bob on the left looking rightward and Alice on the right looking leftward. A dotted arrow extends vertically from each, representing the passage of time. A blue arrow labeled "TCP SYN" extends diagonally downward to the right from Bob's timeline to Alice's timeline. Her response, labeled "TCP/SYNACK," extends diagonally downward to the right to Bob's timeline. This transaction is labeled "(a)," corresponding to the steps given in the text on page 635. Bob's response, labeled "TCP ACK," extends from Bob to Alice.</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000B80B" data-uri="M08_KURO4140_07_SE_C08.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000B80B">Below this point on Bob's timeline a new blue arrow, labeled "SSL hello," extends diagonally downward from Bob to Alice. Her response, labeled "certificate," extends from Alice to Bob. This transaction is labeled "(b)." There is a small gap on Bob's timeline, labeled "(c), Create Master Secret (MS)," followed by a blue arrow labeled "EMS = K A+ (MS)" that extends from Bob to Alice. This point on Alice's timeline is labeled "Decrypts EMS with KA- to get MS."</p></div></section></body></html>