<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><html xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:prefix="index: http://www.index.com/"><head>
<meta name="dcterms.conformsTo" content="PXE Basic 1.0"></meta>
<meta name="generator" content="PXE Tools version 1.39.109"></meta>
<!--Created by pxe.pl for standard version PXE Basic 1.0,data-profile-product=standard by PXE Tools 1.39.109, partial=false-->
<title>Computer Networking: A Top-Down Approach, 7/e</title><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="sepia" href="../css/sepia.css"></link><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="night" href="../css/night.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/main.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/print.css"></link></head><body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section class="level1"><header><h1 class="title" epub:type="title"></h1></header><div aria-hidden="false" class="longdesc" id="la_4055103020"><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A29C" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A29C">In this illustration, a black arrow extends diagonally downward from left to right and points to a blue circle labeled "Wait." The black arrow itself is labeled with a capital Lambda over: "base=1 nextseqnum=1."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A29D" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A29D">A blue arrow extends from the top left side of the circle and arcs to the top right side of the circle. This arrow contains two labels, separated by a horizontal line between them. The top label reads: "rdt_send(data)."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A29E" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A29E">The bottom reads: "if(nextseqnum&lt;base+N){ sndpkt[nextseqnum]=make_pkt(nextseqnum,data,checksum) udt_send(sndpkt[nextseqnum])
?if(base==nextseqnum)
start_timer
nextseqnum++
} 
else
refuse_data(data)."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A29F" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A29F">A blue arrow also extends from the bottom right side of the circle and arcs upwards to the top right side of the circle. This arrow has two labels. On top: "timeout."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A2A0" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A2A0">On bottom: "start_timer
udt_send(sndpkt[base])
udt_send(sndpkt[base+1])
...
udt_send(sndpkt[nextseqnum-1])."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A2A1" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A2A1">A blue arrow also extends from the bottom left side of the circle and arcs rightward to the bottom right side of the circle. This arrow has two labels. On top: "rdt_rcv(rcvpkt) &amp;&amp; notcorrupt(rcvpkt)."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A2A2" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A2A2">On bottom: "base=getacknum(rcvpkt)+1
If(base==nextseqnum)
stop_timer
else
start_timer."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A2A3" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A2A3">A blue arrow also extends from the center left side of the circle and arcs downward to the bottom left side of the circle. This arrow has two labels. The top: "rdt_rcv(rcvpkt) &amp;&amp; corrupt(rcvpkt)."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A2A4" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A2A4">The bottom: capital lambda.</p></div></section></body></html>