<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><html xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:prefix="index: http://www.index.com/"><head>
<meta name="dcterms.conformsTo" content="PXE Basic 1.0"></meta>
<meta name="generator" content="PXE Tools version 1.39.109"></meta>
<!--Created by pxe.pl for standard version PXE Basic 1.0,data-profile-product=standard by PXE Tools 1.39.109, partial=false-->
<title>Computer Networking: A Top-Down Approach, 7/e</title><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="sepia" href="../css/sepia.css"></link><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="night" href="../css/night.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/main.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/print.css"></link></head><body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section class="level1"><header><h1 class="title" epub:type="title"></h1></header><div aria-hidden="false" class="longdesc" id="la_4055109006"><p id="P700101195200000000000000000BBAA" data-uri="M09_KURO4140_07_SE_C09.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000BBAA">In this illustration, we see again data organized into four different layers with a cloud between the second and third layers. In this figure, the layers are (from top to bottom): Original stream, Interleaved stream, Received stream, and Reconstructed stream.</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000BBAB" data-uri="M09_KURO4140_07_SE_C09.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000BBAB">In the original stream we see four units of data, which appear as long rectangles that have been divided into small four small segments. The first unit of data (from left to right) contains four segments labeled 1, 2, 3, and 4. The next contains 5, 6, 7, and 8, the next contains 9, 10, 11, and 12, and the last contains 13, 14, 15, and 16. Each of the first segments in each unit-1, 5, 9, and 13-is highlighted in blue.</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000BBAC" data-uri="M09_KURO4140_07_SE_C09.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000BBAC">In the interleaved stream, the data has been reorganized so that the first unit of data includes the highlighted segments from above: 1, 5, 9, and 13. The next unit has been similarly reorganized to include the second segments of each unit from the original stream, and includes 2, 6, 10, and 14. The next includes 3, 7, 11, and 15, and the last includes 4, 8, 12, and 16. Arrows connect the segments from the original stream to their counterparts in the interleaved stream.</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000BBAD" data-uri="M09_KURO4140_07_SE_C09.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000BBAD">Dashed arrows extend downward from the units in the interleaved stream, through the cloud, and to the same units now residing in the received stream. The third unit-including 3, 7, 11, and 15-now appears as a loss.</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000BBAE" data-uri="M09_KURO4140_07_SE_C09.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000BBAE">In the reconstructed stream, the units appear as they had in the original stream, except that the four segments that were lost are now missing.</p></div></section></body></html>