<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><html xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:prefix="index: http://www.index.com/"><head>
<meta name="dcterms.conformsTo" content="PXE Basic 1.0"></meta>
<meta name="generator" content="PXE Tools version 1.39.109"></meta>
<!--Created by pxe.pl for standard version PXE Basic 1.0,data-profile-product=standard by PXE Tools 1.39.109, partial=false-->
<title>Computer Networking: A Top-Down Approach, 7/e</title><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="sepia" href="../css/sepia.css"></link><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="night" href="../css/night.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/main.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/print.css"></link></head><body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section class="level1"><header><h1 class="title" epub:type="title"></h1></header><div aria-hidden="false" class="longdesc" id="la_4055103014"><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A232" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A232">In this illustration, a black arrow extends diagonally downward from left to right and points to a blue circle labeled "Wait for 0 from below." A blue arrow extends from the top of this circle and arcs rightward to a second blue circle. The arrow has two labels separated by a horizontal line. On top: "rdt_rcv(rcvpkt) &amp;&amp; notcorrupt(rcvpkt) &amp;&amp; has_seq0(rcvpkt)."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A233" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A233">On bottom: "extract(rcvpkt,data) deliver_data(data) sndpkt=make_pkt(ACK,0,checksum) udt_send(sndpkt)."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A234" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A234">The second blue circle is labeled "Wait for 1 from below." A smaller blue circle extends from the top right side of the circle and travels in a clockwise motion to the center right side of the same circle. This arrow has two labels. On top: "rdt_rcv(rcvpkt) &amp;&amp; (corrupt(rcvpkt)||  has_seq0(rcvpkt))."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A235" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A235">On bottom: "sndpkt=make_pkt(ACK,0,checksum) udt_send(sndpkt)." </p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A236" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A236">A blue arrow extends from the bottom of the second circle and arcs leftward back to the first blue circle. This arrow has two labels. On top: "rdt_rcv(rcvpkt) &amp;&amp; notcorrupt(rcvpkt) &amp;&amp; has_seq1(rcvpkt)."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A237" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A237">On bottom: "extract(rcvpkt,data) deliver_data(data) sndpkt=make_pkt(ACK,1,checksum) udt_send(sndpkt)."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A238" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A238">A smaller blue arrow extends from the bottom left side of the first blue circle and travels in a clockwise motion to the top left side of the same circle. This arrow has two labels. On top: "rdt_rcv(rcvpkt) &amp;&amp; (corrupt(rcvpkt)|| has_seq1(rcvpkt))."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A239" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A239">On bottom: "sndpkt=make_pkt(ACK,1,checksum) udt_send(sndpkt)."</p></div></section></body></html>