<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><html xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:prefix="index: http://www.index.com/"><head>
<meta name="dcterms.conformsTo" content="PXE Basic 1.0"></meta>
<meta name="generator" content="PXE Tools version 1.39.109"></meta>
<!--Created by pxe.pl for standard version PXE Basic 1.0,data-profile-product=standard by PXE Tools 1.39.109, partial=false-->
<title>Computer Networking: A Top-Down Approach, 7/e</title><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="sepia" href="../css/sepia.css"></link><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="night" href="../css/night.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/main.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/print.css"></link></head><body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section class="level1"><header><h1 class="title" epub:type="title"></h1></header><div aria-hidden="false" class="longdesc" id="la_4055103037"><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A435" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A435">In this illustration, Host A is represented by a desktop computer while Host B is represented by a server. Their interaction begins at the topmost portion of Host A's timeline, where a blue arrow, labeled "seq=92, 8 bytes of data," extends diagonally downward to the right to Host B's timeline. This point on Host B's timeline is labeled "ack=100." A blue arrow extends from this point diagonally downward and left back to Host A's timeline. Below Host A's first transmission is a second, labeled "seq=100, 20 bytes of data." This one extends rightward and terminates, indicating a loss. Below this, Host A sends a third transmission, labeled "seq=120, 15 bytes of data." This one extends rightward and intersects with Host B's timeline, at a point labeled "ack=100." A blue arrow extends from this point diagonally downward and left back to Host A's timeline. Below Host A's third transmission is a fourth, labeled "seq=135, 6 bytes of data." This one extends rightward and intersects with Host B's timeline at a point labeled "ack=100." A blue arrow extends from this point diagonally downward and left back to Host A's timeline. Below Host A's fourth transmission is a fifth, labeled "seq=141, 16 bytes of data." This one extends rightward and intersects with Host B's timeline at a point labeled "ack=100." A blue arrow extends from this point diagonally downward and left back to Host A's timeline. Host A responds to this transmission by sending a final one, labeled "seq=100, 20 bytes of data."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A436" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A436">The area on Host A's timeline between the receipt of Host B's first response and the end of the represented timeline is labeled "Timeout." However, Host A is able to retransmit the terminated submission before the timeout expires.</p></div></section></body></html>