<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><html xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:prefix="index: http://www.index.com/"><head>
<meta name="dcterms.conformsTo" content="PXE Basic 1.0"></meta>
<meta name="generator" content="PXE Tools version 1.39.109"></meta>
<!--Created by pxe.pl for standard version PXE Basic 1.0,data-profile-product=standard by PXE Tools 1.39.109, partial=false-->
<title>Computer Networking: A Top-Down Approach, 7/e</title><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="sepia" href="../css/sepia.css"></link><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="night" href="../css/night.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/main.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/print.css"></link></head><body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section class="level1"><header><h1 class="title" epub:type="title"></h1></header><div aria-hidden="false" class="longdesc" id="la_4055107016"><p id="P700101195200000000000000000B3D0" data-uri="M07_KURO4140_07_SE_C07.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000B3D0">This figure depicts a Bluetooth piconet as a large blue circle with smaller circles contained within it. A key identifies the three different types of smaller circles: dark blue circle labeled "M" = Master device, light blue circle labeled "S" = Slave device, and gray circle labeled "P" = Parked device. At the center of the piconet is a master device; arrows point from either side of it like hands on a clock pointing at 3 and 9. These arrows indicate the radius of coverage. Above the arrows are two parked devices and one slave device-one parked device sits near the edge of the radius at the 2 o'clock point, while the other is nearer the master device and above it to the left. The slave device sits about halfway between M and the edge of the circle's radius, at the 10 o'clock point.</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000B3D1" data-uri="M07_KURO4140_07_SE_C07.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000B3D1">Below the arrows are two slave devices and two parked devices. One slave device sits near the 8 o'clock point while the other sits between the M and the radius edge at 5 o'clock. One parked device sits halfway between M and the radius edge just to the left of 6 o'clock, while the other parked device sits nearer the edge at 4 o'clock.</p></div></section></body></html>