<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><html xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:prefix="index: http://www.index.com/"><head>
<meta name="dcterms.conformsTo" content="PXE Basic 1.0"></meta>
<meta name="generator" content="PXE Tools version 1.39.109"></meta>
<!--Created by pxe.pl for standard version PXE Basic 1.0,data-profile-product=standard by PXE Tools 1.39.109, partial=false-->
<title>Computer Networking: A Top-Down Approach, 7/e</title><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="sepia" href="../css/sepia.css"></link><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="night" href="../css/night.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/main.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/print.css"></link></head><body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section class="level1"><header><h1 class="title" epub:type="title"></h1></header><div aria-hidden="false" class="longdesc" id="la_4055109010"><p id="P700101195200000000000000000BC37" data-uri="M09_KURO4140_07_SE_C09.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000BC37">In this illustration we see a series of servers and clients arranged in a pyramid. At the top of the pyramid is a server labeled "SIP registrar upenn.edu." Below and to the left is a server labeled "SIP proxy umass.edu," and below to the right is a server labeled "SIP registrar eurcom.fr." Below these to the left is a computer labeled "SIP client 217.123.56.89," and below to the right is a computer labeled "SIP client 197.87.54.21."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000BC38" data-uri="M09_KURO4140_07_SE_C09.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000BC38">A black arrow, labeled 1 and corresponding to a series of steps given in the text starting on page 710, extends upwards from SIP client 217 to SIP proxy umass.edu. An arrow labeled 2 extends from SIP proxy umass.edu to SIP registrar upenn.edu. An arrow labeled 3 extends from the same registrar back to the previous SIP proxy. An arrow labeled 4 extends horizontally rightward from SIP proxy umass.edu to SIP registrar eurcom.fr. An arrow labeled 5 extends downward from this SIP registrar to SIP client 197. An arrow labeled 6 extends back from this client to the previous registrar. An arrow labeled 7 extends leftward from SIP registrar eurcom.fr to SIP proxy umass.edu. An arrow labeled 8 extends downward from this SIP proxy to SIP client 217. And a blue arrow labeled 9 extends horizontally back and forth between the two SIP clients.</p></div></section></body></html>