<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><html xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:prefix="index: http://www.index.com/"><head>
<meta name="dcterms.conformsTo" content="PXE Basic 1.0"></meta>
<meta name="generator" content="PXE Tools version 1.39.109"></meta>
<!--Created by pxe.pl for standard version PXE Basic 1.0,data-profile-product=standard by PXE Tools 1.39.109, partial=false-->
<title>Computer Networking: A Top-Down Approach, 7/e</title><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="sepia" href="../css/sepia.css"></link><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="night" href="../css/night.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/main.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/print.css"></link></head><body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section class="level1"><header><h1 class="title" epub:type="title"></h1></header><div aria-hidden="false" class="longdesc" id="la_4055107020"><p id="P700101195200000000000000000B40C" data-uri="M07_KURO4140_07_SE_C07.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000B40C">In this illustration, we see the same BSS from the previous figure, connected this time to a series of switches. Above the BSS is a dotted line; area above the line is indicated as "Control plane" while area below the line is "Data plane."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000B40D" data-uri="M07_KURO4140_07_SE_C07.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000B40D">Within the BSS is a small device, labeled "UE" and operating in the control plane. Each base transceiver station is connected to a single network controller, labeled "eNodeB" and operating in the control plane. The eNodeB is connected to a network of routers operating in the data plane and arranged in a square. The top left router is connected to a network controller labeled "MME," operating in the control plane. The top right router is connected to a network controller labeled "HHS," operating in the control plane. The bottom right router is connected to a network controller labeled "S-GW" and another labeled "P-GW," both operating in the control plane. All of the devices operating in the control plane are connected one to the next by a dotted line.</p></div></section></body></html>