<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><html xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:prefix="index: http://www.index.com/"><head>
<meta name="dcterms.conformsTo" content="PXE Basic 1.0"></meta>
<meta name="generator" content="PXE Tools version 1.39.109"></meta>
<!--Created by pxe.pl for standard version PXE Basic 1.0,data-profile-product=standard by PXE Tools 1.39.109, partial=false-->
<title>Computer Networking: A Top-Down Approach, 7/e</title><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="sepia" href="../css/sepia.css"></link><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="night" href="../css/night.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/main.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/print.css"></link></head><body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section class="level1"><header><h1 class="title" epub:type="title"></h1></header><div aria-hidden="false" class="longdesc" id="la_4055106015"><p id="P700101195200000000000000000B03B" data-uri="M06_KURO4140_07_SE_C06.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000B03B">At the center of this figure is a link-layer switch with six connections extending from all sides. Connection 1 extends diagonally downward to the left into a second link-layer switch. The line between them is identified as "100 Mbps (fiber)." This second link-layer switch connects to a network of computers labeled "Electrical Engineering."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000B03C" data-uri="M06_KURO4140_07_SE_C06.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000B03C">Connection 2 extends vertically downward into a third link-layer switch. The line is similarly identified as 100 Mbps (fiber), and the switch similarly connects to a network of computers, this one labeled "Computer Science." The lines between the switch and the computers are identified as "Mixture of 10 Mbps, 100 Mbps, 1 Gbps, Cat 5 cable."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000B03D" data-uri="M06_KURO4140_07_SE_C06.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000B03D">Connection 3 extends diagonally downward to the right and into a fourth link-layer switch. The line between them is similarly identified as 100 Mbps (fiber), and this switch similarly connects to a network of computers, this one labeled "Computer Engineering."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000B03E" data-uri="M06_KURO4140_07_SE_C06.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000B03E">Connection 4 extends horizontally to the right and into a server. The line between them is identified as "1 Gbps," and the server is labeled "Mail server."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000B03F" data-uri="M06_KURO4140_07_SE_C06.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000B03F">Connection 5 extends diagonally upward to the right and into a second server. The line between them is 1 Gbps and the server is labeled "Web server."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000B040" data-uri="M06_KURO4140_07_SE_C06.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000B040">Connection 6 extends diagonally upward to the left and into a router. The line is identified as "1 Gbps." A second line extends from the router horizontally to the left and to the external Internet.</p></div></section></body></html>