<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><html xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:prefix="index: http://www.index.com/"><head>
<meta name="dcterms.conformsTo" content="PXE Basic 1.0"></meta>
<meta name="generator" content="PXE Tools version 1.39.109"></meta>
<!--Created by pxe.pl for standard version PXE Basic 1.0,data-profile-product=standard by PXE Tools 1.39.109, partial=false-->
<title>Computer Networking: A Top-Down Approach, 7/e</title><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="sepia" href="../css/sepia.css"></link><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="night" href="../css/night.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/main.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/print.css"></link></head><body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section class="level1"><header><h1 class="title" epub:type="title"></h1></header><div aria-hidden="false" class="longdesc" id="la_4055107033"><p id="P700101195200000000000000000B521" data-uri="M07_KURO4140_07_SE_C07.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000B521">In this illustration, we see a telephone at top right that is labeled "Correspondent." At top left we see a blue cloud representing the home network, which includes the outline of a house containing a mobile switching center (MSC). Below the correspondent, we see a blue cloud representing the public switched telephone network (labeled "PSTN"). To the left of the PSTN we see the outline of a house containing a mobile switching center (MSC). This is labeled "Anchor MSC." A second house and MSC is below the PSTN, and a third is just outside of it to the bottom right. Each of the three MSCs not in the home network connects to a series of cellular coverage areas and base transceiver stations. A mobile user, depicted as a car, appears next to the second cellular coverage area.</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000B522" data-uri="M07_KURO4140_07_SE_C07.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000B522">A blue arrow extends from the Correspondent through the PSTN and into the MSC in the home network. A blue arrow extends from there through the PSTN and into the Anchor MSC. A blue arrow extends from the Anchor MSC and into the Mobile User via the MSC in the second cellular coverage area.</p></div></section></body></html>