<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><html xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:prefix="index: http://www.index.com/"><head>
<meta name="dcterms.conformsTo" content="PXE Basic 1.0"></meta>
<meta name="generator" content="PXE Tools version 1.39.109"></meta>
<!--Created by pxe.pl for standard version PXE Basic 1.0,data-profile-product=standard by PXE Tools 1.39.109, partial=false-->
<title>Computer Networking: A Top-Down Approach, 7/e</title><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="sepia" href="../css/sepia.css"></link><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="night" href="../css/night.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/main.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/print.css"></link></head><body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section class="level1"><header><h1 class="title" epub:type="title"></h1></header><div aria-hidden="false" class="longdesc" id="la_4055103013"><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A21E" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A21E">In this illustration, a black arrow extends diagonally downward from left to right and points to a blue circle labeled "Wait for call 0 from above." A blue arrow extends from the top of this circle and arcs rightward to a second blue circle. The arrow has two labels separated by a horizontal line. On top: "rdt_send(data)."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A21F" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A21F">On bottom: "sndpkt=make_pkt(0,data,checksum) udt_send(sndpkt)."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A220" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A220">The second blue circle is labeled "Wait for ACK 0." A smaller blue circle extends from the top right side of the circle and travels in a clockwise motion to the center right side of the same circle. This arrow has two labels. On top: "rdt_rcv(rcvpkt) &amp;&amp; (corrupt(rcvpkt)|| isACK(rcvpkt,1))."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A221" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A221">On bottom: "udt_send(sndpkt)."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A222" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A222">A blue arrow extends from the bottom right side of the second circle and arcs downward to a third circle. This arrow has two labels. On top: "rdt_rcv(rcvpkt)? &amp;&amp; notcorrupt(rcvpkt)  &amp;&amp; isACK(rcvpkt,0)." </p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A223" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A223">On bottom: capital lambda.</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A224" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A224">A blue arrow extends from the bottom of the third circle and arcs leftward to a fourth blue circle. This arrow has two labels. On top: "rdt_send(data)." </p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A225" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A225">On bottom: "sndpkt=make_pkt(1,data,checksum) udt_send(sndpkt)."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A226" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A226">The fourth blue circle is labeled "Wait for ACK 1." A smaller blue arrow extends from the lower left side of the circle and travels in a clockwise motion to the center right side of the same circle. This arrow has two labels. On top: "rdt_rcv(rcvpkt) &amp;&amp; (corrupt(rcvpkt)|| isACK(rcvpkt,0))."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A227" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A227">On bottom: "udt_send(sndpkt)."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A228" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A228">A blue arrow extends from the upper left side of the fourth circle and arcs upward to the first blue circle. This arrow has two labels. On top: "rdt_rcv(rcvpkt)? &amp;&amp; notcorrupt(rcvpkt) &amp;&amp; isACK(rcvpkt,1)."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A229" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A229">On bottom: capital lambda.</p></div></section></body></html>