<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><html xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:prefix="index: http://www.index.com/"><head>
<meta name="dcterms.conformsTo" content="PXE Basic 1.0"></meta>
<meta name="generator" content="PXE Tools version 1.39.109"></meta>
<!--Created by pxe.pl for standard version PXE Basic 1.0,data-profile-product=standard by PXE Tools 1.39.109, partial=false-->
<title>Computer Networking: A Top-Down Approach, 7/e</title><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="sepia" href="../css/sepia.css"></link><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="night" href="../css/night.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/main.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/print.css"></link></head><body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section class="level1"><header><h1 class="title" epub:type="title"></h1></header><div aria-hidden="false" class="longdesc" id="la_4055106012"><p id="P700101195200000000000000000B00A" data-uri="M06_KURO4140_07_SE_C06.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000B00A">In this illustration, we see the horizontal axis at the top of the figure, labeled "Space." A, B, C, and D are plotted along the axis at equal intervals. On either side of the horizontal axis are two dotted lines extending vertically downward, both labeled "Time." About an eighth of the way down the left-hand timeline is a plotted point labeled t0. At this point, B begins its transmission. The transmission appears as a thick dark blue band in the shape of an upside-down letter V. The transmission begins at the point of the V and extends diagonally downwards in both directions.</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000B00B" data-uri="M06_KURO4140_07_SE_C06.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000B00B">At a slightly lower point than t0 on the left-hand timeline is a plotted point on the right-hand timeline labeled t1. At this point, D begins its transmission, which also appears as a thick band in the shape of an upside-down letter V, however this one is light blue rather than dark blue. The transmission begins at the point of the V and extends diagonally downward in both directions. Quickly, the two bands overlap and the space of their overlap appears as light and dark blue stripes. Most of the figure appears in this striped pattern.</p></div></section></body></html>