<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><html xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:prefix="index: http://www.index.com/"><head>
<meta name="dcterms.conformsTo" content="PXE Basic 1.0"></meta>
<meta name="generator" content="PXE Tools version 1.39.109"></meta>
<!--Created by pxe.pl for standard version PXE Basic 1.0,data-profile-product=standard by PXE Tools 1.39.109, partial=false-->
<title>Computer Networking: A Top-Down Approach, 7/e</title><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="sepia" href="../css/sepia.css"></link><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="night" href="../css/night.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/main.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/print.css"></link></head><body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section class="level1"><header><h1 class="title" epub:type="title"></h1></header><div aria-hidden="false" class="longdesc" id="la_4055101001"><p id="P700101195200000000000000000972F" data-uri="M01_KURO4140_07_SE_C01.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000972F">This image illustrates the interconnected networks that make up the Internet. It begins with a Mobile Network: a cell phone tower surrounded by a car receiving Internet through its antenna, a stoplight, multiple smartphones, and a laptop. The cell phone tower connects to a router; this router connects to a National or Global ISP, illustrated by a group of routers. This network connects to a Local or Regional ISP, represented by a group of routers. These routers send signals through telephone lines to a Home Network and an Enterprise Network. The Home Network includes a router and a base station sending signals to a laptop computer, a refrigerator, a thermostat, a desktop computer and a wireless keyboard. The Enterprise Network includes several routers and link-layer switches sending signals to desktop computers and servers, and a base station sending wireless signals to laptops and a tablet device. Below this is the key, identifying the various devices included above.</p></div></section></body></html>