<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><html xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:prefix="index: http://www.index.com/"><head>
<meta name="dcterms.conformsTo" content="PXE Basic 1.0"></meta>
<meta name="generator" content="PXE Tools version 1.39.109"></meta>
<!--Created by pxe.pl for standard version PXE Basic 1.0,data-profile-product=standard by PXE Tools 1.39.109, partial=false-->
<title>Computer Networking: A Top-Down Approach, 7/e</title><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="sepia" href="../css/sepia.css"></link><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="night" href="../css/night.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/main.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/print.css"></link></head><body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section class="level1"><header><h1 class="title" epub:type="title"></h1></header><div aria-hidden="false" class="longdesc" id="la_4055103049"><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A4F2" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A4F2">In this illustration we see Host A and Host B side-by-side, with A on the left and B on the right. Each host appears next to its protocol stack. Between and below them is a cloud representing the network; inside the network is a series of five routers. Each router has two blue arrows passing through it, representing pathways of data.</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A4F3" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A4F3">Host A is sending data to Host B. This data originates in the top layer of Host A's protocol stack; it travels down through the stack and into one of the routers in the network. The data passes through the first router and into a second, through this router and into a third, and through this router and upwards into Host B's protocol stack. The data arrives in the top layer of Host B's protocol stack.</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A4F4" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A4F4">A gray arrow, representing a message of congestion information, extends from the second router to the second-to-top layer of Host A's protocol stack. This arrow is labeled "Direct network feedback." A second gray arrow extends from the second-to-top layer in Host B's protocol stack to the same point in Host A's protocol stack. This arrow is labeled "Network feedback via receiver."</p></div></section></body></html>