<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><html xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:prefix="index: http://www.index.com/"><head>
<meta name="dcterms.conformsTo" content="PXE Basic 1.0"></meta>
<meta name="generator" content="PXE Tools version 1.39.109"></meta>
<!--Created by pxe.pl for standard version PXE Basic 1.0,data-profile-product=standard by PXE Tools 1.39.109, partial=false-->
<title>Computer Networking: A Top-Down Approach, 7/e</title><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="sepia" href="../css/sepia.css"></link><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="night" href="../css/night.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/main.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/print.css"></link></head><body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section class="level1"><header><h1 class="title" epub:type="title"></h1></header><div aria-hidden="false" class="longdesc" id="la_4055107027"><p id="P700101195200000000000000000B47D" data-uri="M07_KURO4140_07_SE_C07.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000B47D">This figure once again uses the illustration from the previous figures of the home and visited networks. Here, however, the visited network has been replaced by a "Foreign network being visited at session start." This network includes a router, labeled "Anchor foreign agent," a link-layer switch, and the mobile node, which has been grayed out. A new network, labeled "New foreign network," has been added adjacent to the foreign network being visited at session start. This new network includes a router, labeled "New foreign agent," a link-layer switch, and a mobile node.</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000B47E" data-uri="M07_KURO4140_07_SE_C07.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000B47E">A blue arrow, labeled 1 and corresponding to numbered steps given in the text on page 571, extends from the Corresponding Agent to the Foreign Anchor Agent. A thicker blue arrow labeled 2 extends from the grayed-out mobile node in the foreign network being visited at session start to the mobile node in the new foreign network. A blue line labeled 3 points back and forth between the New Foreign Agent and the Mobile Node in the new foreign network. A blue line labeled 4 points back and forth between the Anchor Foreign Agent and the New Foreign Agent. And a blue line labeled 5 extends from the Anchor Foreign Agent to the Mobile Node in the new foreign network.</p></div></section></body></html>