<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><html xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:prefix="index: http://www.index.com/"><head>
<meta name="dcterms.conformsTo" content="PXE Basic 1.0"></meta>
<meta name="generator" content="PXE Tools version 1.39.109"></meta>
<!--Created by pxe.pl for standard version PXE Basic 1.0,data-profile-product=standard by PXE Tools 1.39.109, partial=false-->
<title>Computer Networking: A Top-Down Approach, 7/e</title><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="sepia" href="../css/sepia.css"></link><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="night" href="../css/night.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/main.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/print.css"></link></head><body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section class="level1"><header><h1 class="title" epub:type="title"></h1></header><div aria-hidden="false" class="longdesc" id="la_4055107002"><p id="P700101195200000000000000000B2CD" data-uri="M07_KURO4140_07_SE_C07.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000B2CD">This illustration uses a graph format to show the characteristics of selected wireless network standards. The x-axis represents coverage area; from left to right, it includes: Indoor, 10-30m; Outdoor, 50-200m; Mid range outdoor, 200m-4Km; and Long range outdoor, 5Km-20Km. The y-axis represents link rate; from bottom to top it includes: 384 Kbps, 1 Mbps, 4 Mbps, 5-11 Mbps, 54 Mbps, 450 Mbps, and 1300 Mbps.</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000B2CE" data-uri="M07_KURO4140_07_SE_C07.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000B2CE">At "Indoor" on the x-axis, we see the following networks: none at 384 Kbps, 802.15.1 at 1 Mbps, none at 4 Mbps, 802.11b at 5-11 Mbps, 802.11a,g at 54 Mbps, 802.11n at 450 Mbps, and 802.11ac at 1300 Mbps.</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000B2CF" data-uri="M07_KURO4140_07_SE_C07.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000B2CF">4G: LTE stretches from 5-11 Mbps to 450 Mbps on the y-axis and from Outdoor to Long range outdoor on the x-axis. 802.11a,g point-to-point stretches from 5-11 Mbps to 54 Mbps on the y-axis and from Outdoor to Long range outdoor on the x-axis. Enhanced 3G: HSPA stretches from 4 Mbps to 5-11 Mbps on the y-axis and from Outdoor to Long range outdoor on the x-axis. 3G: UMTS/WCDMA, CDMA2000 is at 384 Kbps on the y-axis and stretches from Outdoor to the middle of Long range outdoor on the x-axis. 2G: IS-95, CDMA, GSM sits below 384 Kbps on the y-axis and stretches from Outdoor to Long range outdoor on the x-axis.</p></div></section></body></html>