<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><html xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:prefix="index: http://www.index.com/"><head>
<meta name="dcterms.conformsTo" content="PXE Basic 1.0"></meta>
<meta name="generator" content="PXE Tools version 1.39.109"></meta>
<!--Created by pxe.pl for standard version PXE Basic 1.0,data-profile-product=standard by PXE Tools 1.39.109, partial=false-->
<title>Computer Networking: A Top-Down Approach, 7/e</title><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="sepia" href="../css/sepia.css"></link><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="night" href="../css/night.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/main.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/print.css"></link></head><body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section class="level1"><header><h1 class="title" epub:type="title"></h1></header><div aria-hidden="false" class="longdesc" id="la_4055103032"><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A3E7" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A3E7">In this illustration, estimated RTT and sample RTT are graphed in order to show their differences.</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A3E8" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A3E8">The x-axis, labeled "Time (seconds)," begins at 1 and moves in increments of seven to 106. The y-axis, labeled "RTT (milliseconds)," begins at 100 and moves upwards in increments of fifty to 350. Estimated RTT is represented by a black line, while Sample RTT is represented by a blue line.</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A3E9" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A3E9">Estimated RTT and Sample RTT begin at the same point on the graph: at 1 on the x-axis and just under 200 on the y-axis. The black line rises relatively smoothly, reaching just over 200 on the y-axis at about 22 on the x-axis, before leveling out and extending rightward with little fluctuation. By 71 on the x-axis, Estimated RTT has reached just below 250 on the y-axis. There are small dips and bumps before ending at about 225 on the y-axis when we reach 106 on the x-axis.</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A3EA" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A3EA">By contrast, Sample RTT extends rightward in a series of sharp rises and drops. By 15 on the x-axis, Sample RTT has spiked above 250 on the y-axis, then drops to 200, then rises to 225, then drops below 200, etc. It continues this pattern of spikes and drops as it progresses. By 71 on the x-axis it begins spiking dramatically, hitting 300, then dropping below 200, then hitting 325 and dropping, 350 and dropping, etc. It ends just below 200 on the y-axis when we reach 106 on the x-axis.</p></div></section></body></html>