<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><html xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:prefix="index: http://www.index.com/"><head>
<meta name="dcterms.conformsTo" content="PXE Basic 1.0"></meta>
<meta name="generator" content="PXE Tools version 1.39.109"></meta>
<!--Created by pxe.pl for standard version PXE Basic 1.0,data-profile-product=standard by PXE Tools 1.39.109, partial=false-->
<title>Computer Networking: A Top-Down Approach, 7/e</title><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="sepia" href="../css/sepia.css"></link><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="night" href="../css/night.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/main.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/print.css"></link></head><body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section class="level1"><header><h1 class="title" epub:type="title"></h1></header><div aria-hidden="false" class="longdesc" id="la_4055104021"><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A8DF" data-uri="M04_KURO4140_07_SE_C04.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A8DF">In this illustration, we see multiple organizations connecting to two different ISPs, and those ISPs sending data to the Internet. The ISPs appear as clouds and are positioned one on top and one below. The top ISP is labeled "Fly-By-Night ISP. To the left of this ISP are a series of organizations positioned in a vertical line. The top organization is designated Organization 0 and assigned the IP address 200.23.16.0/23. The next organization is designated Organization 1 and assigned the IP address 200.23.18.0/23. The next organization is designated Organization 2 and assigned the IP address 200.23.20.0/23. A series of other organizations is implied, and the last organization is designated Organization 7 and assigned the IP address 200.23.30.0/23. All of these organizations connect to the Fly-By-Night ISP, which connects to a large cloud on the right, representing the Internet. The connection is labeled "Send me anything with addresses beginning 200.23.16.0/20."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A8E0" data-uri="M04_KURO4140_07_SE_C04.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A8E0">Below this we see a second ISP, labeled "ISPs-R-Us." A series of implied organizations connect to this ISP, and the ISP connects to the Internet. This connection is labeled "Send me anything with addresses beginning 199.31.0.0/16."</p></div></section></body></html>