<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><html xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:prefix="index: http://www.index.com/"><head>
<meta name="dcterms.conformsTo" content="PXE Basic 1.0"></meta>
<meta name="generator" content="PXE Tools version 1.39.109"></meta>
<!--Created by pxe.pl for standard version PXE Basic 1.0,data-profile-product=standard by PXE Tools 1.39.109, partial=false-->
<title>Computer Networking: A Top-Down Approach, 7/e</title><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="sepia" href="../css/sepia.css"></link><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="night" href="../css/night.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/main.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/print.css"></link></head><body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section class="level1"><header><h1 class="title" epub:type="title"></h1></header><div aria-hidden="false" class="longdesc" id="la_4055109015"><p id="P700101195200000000000000000BCA7" data-uri="M09_KURO4140_07_SE_C09.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000BCA7">In this illustration we see two simplified versions of the leaky bucket policer process depicted in the previous figure: flow 1 is on top and flow 2 is below it. We see simplified versions of the bucket, the tokens, the token wait area, and the token remove area. In flow 1, the dropping token is labeled <i>r</i><sub>1</sub> and the bucket is labeled <i>b</i><sub>1</sub>. To the right of the token remove area is the WFQ area, which is shown here as a rectangle divided vertically into eight segments-the first four segments are white and the last four segments are blue. The WFQ connects on the right to a large unlabeled circle, and the connection extends from the circle to the right side of the figure.</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000BCA8" data-uri="M09_KURO4140_07_SE_C09.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000BCA8">The bottom flow is the same, except that the dropping token is labeled rn and the bucket is labeled bn. The WFQ also has four white segments and four blue segments, and also connects to the large with circle. Flow 1's connection from WFQ to the circle includes a point labeled W1, while Flow 2's connection includes a point labeled Wn. A blue arrow extends from W1 to Wn and then curves back around in a circular motion to W1 again.</p></div></section></body></html>