<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><html xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:prefix="index: http://www.index.com/"><head>
<meta name="dcterms.conformsTo" content="PXE Basic 1.0"></meta>
<meta name="generator" content="PXE Tools version 1.39.109"></meta>
<!--Created by pxe.pl for standard version PXE Basic 1.0,data-profile-product=standard by PXE Tools 1.39.109, partial=false-->
<title>Computer Networking: A Top-Down Approach, 7/e</title><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="sepia" href="../css/sepia.css"></link><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="night" href="../css/night.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/main.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/print.css"></link></head><body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section class="level1"><header><h1 class="title" epub:type="title"></h1></header><div aria-hidden="false" class="longdesc" id="la_4055103011"><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A1F0" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A1F0">In this illustration, a black arrow extends diagonally downward from left to right and points to a blue circle labeled "Wait for call 0 from above." A blue arrow extends from the top of this circle and arcs rightward to a second blue circle. The arrow has two labels separated by a horizontal line. On top: "rdt_send (data)."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A1F1" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A1F1">On bottom: "sndpkt=make_pkt (0, data, checksum) udt_send (sndpkt)."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A1F2" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A1F2">The second blue circle is labeled "Wait for ACK or NAK 0." A smaller blue arrow extends from the upper right side of this circle and travels in a clockwise motion to the bottom right side of the same circle. This arrow has two labels. On top: "rdt_rcv (rcvpkt) &amp;&amp;(corrupt (rcvpkt) | |isNAK (rcvpkt))."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A1F3" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A1F3">On bottom: "udt_send (sndpkt)."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A1F4" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A1F4">A blue arrow extends from the lower right side of this circle and arcs downward to the upper right side of a third blue circle. This arrow has two labels. On top: "rdt_rcv (rcvpkt) &amp;&amp; notcorrupt (rcvpkt)&amp;&amp; is ACK (rcvpkt)."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A1F5" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A1F5">On bottom: capital lambda.</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A1F6" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A1F6">The third blue circle is labeled "Wait for call 1 from above." A blue arrow extends from the bottom of this circle and arcs leftward to a fourth blue circle. This arrow has two labels. On top: "rdt_send (data)." </p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A1F7" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A1F7">On bottom: "sndpkt=make_pkt (1, data, checksum) udt_send (sndpkt)."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A1F8" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A1F8">The fourth blue circle is labeled "Wait for ACK or NAK 1." A smaller blue circle extends from the lower left side of the circle and travels in a clockwise motion to the upper right side of the same circle. This arrow has two labels. On top: "rdt_rcv (rcvpkt) &amp;&amp; (corrupt (rcvpkt) | |isNAK (rcvpkt))."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A1F9" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A1F9">On bottom: "udt_send (sndpkt)."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A1FA" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A1FA">A blue arrow extends from the upper left side of the fourth arrow and arcs upward to the first blue circle. This arrow has two labels. On top: "rdt_rcv (rcvpkt) &amp;&amp; notcorrupt (rcvpkt) &amp;&amp; is ACK (rcvpkt)."</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A1FB" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A1FB">On bottom: capital lambda.</p></div></section></body></html>