<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><html xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:prefix="index: http://www.index.com/"><head>
<meta name="dcterms.conformsTo" content="PXE Basic 1.0"></meta>
<meta name="generator" content="PXE Tools version 1.39.109"></meta>
<!--Created by pxe.pl for standard version PXE Basic 1.0,data-profile-product=standard by PXE Tools 1.39.109, partial=false-->
<title>Computer Networking: A Top-Down Approach, 7/e</title><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="sepia" href="../css/sepia.css"></link><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="night" href="../css/night.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/main.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/print.css"></link></head><body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section class="level1"><header><h1 class="title" epub:type="title"></h1></header><div aria-hidden="false" class="longdesc" id="la_4055106032"><p id="P700101195200000000000000000B182" data-uri="M06_KURO4140_07_SE_C06.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000B182">In this illustration, we see three separate networks-a school network, Comcast's network, and Google's network-and the interactions between them required in a simple web page request.</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000B183" data-uri="M06_KURO4140_07_SE_C06.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000B183">The school's network is on the left side of the figure, and has been assigned the IP address 68.80.2.0/24. Comcast's network is to the right of the school network, and has been assigned the IP address of 68.80.0.0/13. Google's network is below Comcast's network, and has been assigned the IP address 64.233.160.0/19.</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000B184" data-uri="M06_KURO4140_07_SE_C06.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000B184">The interaction begins with Bob's laptop in the school network, which has been assigned the MAC address of 00:16:D3:23:68:8A and an IP address of 68.85.2.101. A blue arrow labeled "1-7" (corresponding to steps 1-7 on pages 501-2) extends back and forth from Bob's computer to a link-layer switch and then beyond the switch to a router within the school's network. The port on the router is assigned the MAC address 00:22:6B:45:1F:1B.</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000B185" data-uri="M06_KURO4140_07_SE_C06.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000B185">A new arrow, labeled 8-13, extends back and forth from Bob's computer, through the switch, and back to the router.</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000B186" data-uri="M06_KURO4140_07_SE_C06.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000B186">A third arrow, labeled 14-17, extends back and forth from Bob's computer, through the switch, through the router and into a router in Comcast's network. The arrow extends to a second router, which is connected to a server labeled "comcast.net DNS server," and which has been assigned the IP address 68.87.71.226.</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000B187" data-uri="M06_KURO4140_07_SE_C06.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000B187">A fourth arrow, labeled 18-24, extends back and forth from Bob's computer, through the switch, through the router in the school's network, through a router in Comcast's network, into a second router in the Comcast network, and into Google's network. The arrow goes through one router, through a second, and into a server labeled "www.googl.com" Web server," and which has been assigned the IP address 64.233.169.105.</p></div></section></body></html>