<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><html xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:prefix="index: http://www.index.com/"><head>
<meta name="dcterms.conformsTo" content="PXE Basic 1.0"></meta>
<meta name="generator" content="PXE Tools version 1.39.109"></meta>
<!--Created by pxe.pl for standard version PXE Basic 1.0,data-profile-product=standard by PXE Tools 1.39.109, partial=false-->
<title>Computer Networking: A Top-Down Approach, 7/e</title><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="sepia" href="../css/sepia.css"></link><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="night" href="../css/night.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/main.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/print.css"></link></head><body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section class="level1"><header><h1 class="title" epub:type="title"></h1></header><div aria-hidden="false" class="longdesc" id="la_4055102023"><p id="P7001011952000000000000000009DFE" data-uri="M02_KURO4140_07_SE_C02.xhtml#P7001011952000000000000000009DFE">In this graph, the x-axis, labeled "N," begins at 0 and moves rightward in increments of five to 35. The y-axis, labeled "Minimum distribution time," begins at 0 and moves upward in increments of .5 to 3.5. The client-server architecture is represented by a series of plotted points that appear as blue dots and which are connected with a blue line. The P2P architecture is represented by a series of plotted points that appear as black squares and which are connected with a black line.</p><p id="P7001011952000000000000000009DFF" data-uri="M02_KURO4140_07_SE_C02.xhtml#P7001011952000000000000000009DFF">Both client-server and P2P begin at 0 on the x- and y-axes. The client-server line rises steadily as it moves rightward along the x-axis at nearly a 90-degree angle. At 5 on the x-axis it reaches 0.5 on the y-axis; at 10 on the x-axis it reaches 1.0 on the y-axis; at 15 on the x-axis it reaches 1.5 on the y-axis; this pattern continues until the line ends at 35 on the x-axis and 3.5 on the y-axis.</p><p id="P7001011952000000000000000009E00" data-uri="M02_KURO4140_07_SE_C02.xhtml#P7001011952000000000000000009E00">The P2P line rises more modestly and levels out quickly. At 10 on the x-axis it reaches 0.5 on the y-axis; at 25 on the x-axis it reaches the mid-point between 0.5 and 1.0 on the y-axis; and at 35 on the x-axis it has risen only incrementally higher.</p></div></section></body></html>