<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><html xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:prefix="index: http://www.index.com/"><head>
<meta name="dcterms.conformsTo" content="PXE Basic 1.0"></meta>
<meta name="generator" content="PXE Tools version 1.39.109"></meta>
<!--Created by pxe.pl for standard version PXE Basic 1.0,data-profile-product=standard by PXE Tools 1.39.109, partial=false-->
<title>Computer Networking: A Top-Down Approach, 7/e</title><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="sepia" href="../css/sepia.css"></link><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="night" href="../css/night.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/main.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/print.css"></link></head><body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section class="level1"><header><h1 class="title" epub:type="title"></h1></header><div aria-hidden="false" class="longdesc" id="la_4055103052"><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A56F" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A56F">This illustration is presented as a graph. The x-axis is labeled "Transmission round;" it begins at 0 and moves in increments of one to 15. The y-axis, labeled "Congestion window (in segments)," begins at 0 and moves in increments to two to 16. A dashed line, labeled "ssthresh," begins at 0 on the x-axis and 8 on the y-axis and moves horizontally to the right. At 8 on the x-axis, the dashed line shifts to 6 on the y-axis, and moves horizontally along the x-axis to 15.</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A570" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A570">TCP Tahoe is represented by a series of plotted points in blue along the graph. The first appears at 1 on the x-axis and about 1 on the y-axis, before moving to 2 on the x- and y-axes, then 3 on the x-axis and 4 on the y-axis. From there it jumps to 4 on the x-axis and 8 on the y-axis, hitting the threshold. From there it moves diagonally upward until it hits 12 on the y-axis at 8 on the x-axis, and then falls sharply to 1 on the y-axis at 9 on the x-axis. From there it climbs to 6 on the y-axis at 12 on the x-axis before ending just under 10 on the y-axis and 15 on the x-axis.</p><p id="P700101195200000000000000000A571" data-uri="M03_KURO4140_07_SE_C03.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000A571">TCP Reno is represented by a series of plotted points in black. The first appears at 9 on the x- and y-axes. They move steadily upwards and to the right at a 45-degree angle, ending at 15 on the x- and y-axes.</p></div></section></body></html>