<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><html xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:prefix="index: http://www.index.com/"><head>
<meta name="dcterms.conformsTo" content="PXE Basic 1.0"></meta>
<meta name="generator" content="PXE Tools version 1.39.109"></meta>
<!--Created by pxe.pl for standard version PXE Basic 1.0,data-profile-product=standard by PXE Tools 1.39.109, partial=false-->
<title>7.9 Summary </title><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="sepia" href="../css/sepia.css"></link><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="night" href="../css/night.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/main.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/print.css"></link></head><body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="P7001011952000000000000000002C6A" class="level1"><header><h1 class="title" id="P700101195200000000000000000B54B" data-uri="M07_KURO4140_07_SE_C07.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000B54B" epub:type="title"><span class="number">7.9</span> <span class="label">Summary </span></h1></header>
<p id="P700101195200000000000000000B54C" data-uri="M07_KURO4140_07_SE_C07.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000B54C">Wireless and mobile networks have revolutionized telephony and are having an increasingly profound impact in the world of computer networks as well. With their anytime, anywhere, untethered access into the global network infrastructure, they are not only making network access more ubiquitous, they are also enabling an exciting new set of location-dependent services. Given the growing importance of wireless and <span class="pagebreak" title="583" id="P7001011952000000000000000002C6D" data-uri="M07_KURO4140_07_SE_C07.xhtml#P7001011952000000000000000002C6D" epub:type="pagebreak" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>mobile networks, this chapter has focused on the principles, common link technologies, and network architectures for supporting wireless and mobile communication.</p>
<p id="P700101195200000000000000000B54D" data-uri="M07_KURO4140_07_SE_C07.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000B54D">We began this chapter with an introduction to wireless and mobile networks, drawing an important distinction between the challenges posed by the <i>wireless</i> nature of the communication links in such networks, and by the <i>mobility</i> that these wireless links enable. This allowed us to better isolate, identify, and master the key concepts in each area. We focused first on wireless communication, considering the characteristics of a wireless link in <a class="xref" href="fileP7001011952000000000000000002916.xhtml#P7001011952000000000000000002916" data-foobar="7"><span class="label">Section</span> <span class="number">7.2</span></a>. In <a class="xref" href="fileP700101195200000000000000000296A.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000296A" data-foobar="7"><span class="label">Sections</span> <span class="number">7.3</span></a> and <a class="xref" href="fileP7001011952000000000000000002A76.xhtml#P7001011952000000000000000002A76" data-foobar="7"><span class="number">7.4</span></a>, we examined the link-level aspects of the IEEE 802.11 (WiFi) wireless LAN standard, two IEEE 802.15 personal area networks (Bluetooth and Zigbee), and 3G and 4G cellular Internet access. We then turned our attention to the issue of mobility. In <a class="xref" href="fileP7001011952000000000000000002AF2.xhtml#P7001011952000000000000000002AF2" data-foobar="7"><span class="label">Section</span> <span class="number">7.5</span></a>, we identified several forms of mobility, with points along this spectrum posing different challenges and admitting different solutions. We considered the problems of locating and routing to a mobile user, as well as approaches for handing off the mobile user who dynamically moves from one point of attachment to the network to another. We examined how these issues were addressed in the mobile IP standard and in GSM, in <a class="xref" href="fileP7001011952000000000000000002B6D.xhtml#P7001011952000000000000000002B6D" data-foobar="7"><span class="label">Sections</span> <span class="number">7.6</span></a> and <a class="xref" href="fileP7001011952000000000000000002BE2.xhtml#P7001011952000000000000000002BE2" data-foobar="7"><span class="number">7.7</span></a>, respectively. Finally, we considered the impact of wireless links and mobility on transport-layer protocols and networked applications in <a class="xref" href="fileP7001011952000000000000000002C5A.xhtml#P7001011952000000000000000002C5A" data-foobar="7"><span class="label">­Section</span> <span class="number">7.8</span></a>.</p>
<p id="P700101195200000000000000000B54E" data-uri="M07_KURO4140_07_SE_C07.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000B54E">Although we have devoted an entire chapter to the study of wireless and mobile networks, an entire book (or more) would be required to fully explore this exciting and rapidly expanding field. We encourage you to delve more deeply into this field by consulting the many references provided in this chapter.</p>
</section></body></html>