<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><html xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:prefix="index: http://www.index.com/"><head>
<meta name="dcterms.conformsTo" content="PXE Basic 1.0"></meta>
<meta name="generator" content="PXE Tools version 1.39.109"></meta>
<!--Created by pxe.pl for standard version PXE Basic 1.0,data-profile-product=standard by PXE Tools 1.39.109, partial=false-->
<title>9.6 Summary </title><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="sepia" href="../css/sepia.css"></link><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="night" href="../css/night.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/main.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/print.css"></link></head><body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section id="P700101195200000000000000000368A" class="level1"><header><h1 class="title" id="P700101195200000000000000000BCE6" data-uri="M09_KURO4140_07_SE_C09.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000BCE6" epub:type="title"><span class="number">9.6</span> <span class="label">Summary </span></h1></header>
<p id="P700101195200000000000000000BCE7" data-uri="M09_KURO4140_07_SE_C09.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000BCE7">Multimedia networking is one of the most exciting developments in the Internet today. People throughout the world less and less time in front of their televisions, and are instead use their smartphones and devices to receive audio and video trans<span class="pagebreak" title="727" id="P700101195200000000000000000368D" data-uri="M09_KURO4140_07_SE_C09.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000368D" epub:type="pagebreak" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>missions, both live and prerecorded. Moreover, with sites like YouTube, users have become producers as well as consumers of multimedia Internet content. In addition to video distribution, the Internet is also being used to transport phone calls. In fact, over the next 10 years, the Internet, along with wireless Internet access, may make the traditional circuit-switched telephone system a thing of the past. VoIP not only provides phone service inexpensively, but also provides numerous value-added services, such as video conferencing, online directory services, voice messaging, and integration into social networks such as Facebook and WeChat.</p>
<p id="P700101195200000000000000000BCE8" data-uri="M09_KURO4140_07_SE_C09.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000BCE8">In <a class="xref" href="fileP70010119520000000000000000033DE.xhtml#P70010119520000000000000000033DE" data-foobar="7"><span class="label">Section</span> <span class="number">9.1</span></a>, we described the intrinsic characteristics of video and voice, and then classified multimedia applications into three categories: (i) streaming stored audio/video, (ii) conversational voice/video-over-IP, and (iii) streaming live audio/video.</p>
<p id="P700101195200000000000000000BCE9" data-uri="M09_KURO4140_07_SE_C09.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000BCE9">In <a class="xref" href="fileP700101195200000000000000000342F.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000342F" data-foobar="7"><span class="label">Section</span> <span class="number">9.2</span></a>, we studied streaming stored video in some depth. For streaming video applications, prerecorded videos are placed on servers, and users send requests to these servers to view the videos on demand. We saw that streaming video systems can be classified into two categories: UDP streaming and HTTP. We observed that the most important performance measure for streaming video is average throughput.</p>
<p id="P700101195200000000000000000BCEA" data-uri="M09_KURO4140_07_SE_C09.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000BCEA">In <a class="xref" href="fileP7001011952000000000000000003477.xhtml#P7001011952000000000000000003477" data-foobar="7"><span class="label">Section</span> <span class="number">9.3</span></a>, we examined how conversational multimedia applications, such as VoIP, can be designed to run over a best-effort network. For conversational multimedia, timing considerations are important because conversational applications are highly delay-sensitive. On the other hand, conversational multimedia applications are loss—tolerant—occasional loss only causes occasional glitches in audio/video playback, and these losses can often be partially or fully concealed. We saw how a combination of client buffers, packet sequence numbers, and timestamps can greatly alleviate the effects of network-induced jitter. We also surveyed the technology behind Skype, one of the leading voice- and video-over-IP companies. In <a class="xref" href="fileP7001011952000000000000000003505.xhtml#P7001011952000000000000000003505" data-foobar="7"><span class="label">Section</span> <span class="number">9.4</span></a>, we examined two of the most important standardized protocols for VoIP, namely, RTP and SIP.</p>
<p id="P700101195200000000000000000BCEB" data-uri="M09_KURO4140_07_SE_C09.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000BCEB">In <a class="xref" href="fileP70010119520000000000000000035A0.xhtml#P70010119520000000000000000035A0" data-foobar="7"><span class="label">Section</span> <span class="number">9.5</span></a>, we introduced how several network mechanisms (link-level scheduling disciplines and traffic policing) can be used to provide differentiated service among several classes of traffic.</p>
</section></body></html>