<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><html xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:prefix="index: http://www.index.com/"><head>
<meta name="dcterms.conformsTo" content="PXE Basic 1.0"></meta>
<meta name="generator" content="PXE Tools version 1.39.109"></meta>
<!--Created by pxe.pl for standard version PXE Basic 1.0,data-profile-product=standard by PXE Tools 1.39.109, partial=false-->
<title>Chapter  1 Computer Networks and the Internet</title><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="sepia" href="../css/sepia.css"></link><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="night" href="../css/night.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/main.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/print.css"></link>
<script src="js/format_lg_obj.js"></script>
</head><body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section class="chapter" id="P7001011952000000000000000000458" epub:type="chapter" role="doc-chapter"><header><h1 class="title" id="P7001011952000000000000000009723" data-uri="M01_KURO4140_07_SE_C01.xhtml#P7001011952000000000000000009723" epub:type="title"><span class="pagebreak" title="1" id="P700101195200000000000000000045A" data-uri="M01_KURO4140_07_SE_C01.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000045A" epub:type="pagebreak" role="doc-pagebreak"></span><span class="label">Chapter </span> <span class="number">1</span> Computer Networks and the Internet</h1></header>
<section id="P700101195200000000000000000045B" data-uri="M01_KURO4140_07_SE_C01.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000045B" class="bodymatter">
<p id="P7001011952000000000000000009724" data-uri="M01_KURO4140_07_SE_C01.xhtml#P7001011952000000000000000009724">Today’s Internet is arguably the largest engineered system ever created by ­mankind, with hundreds of millions of connected computers, communication links, and switches; with billions of users who connect via laptops, tablets, and smartphones; and with an array of new Internet-connected “things” including game consoles, surveillance systems, watches, eye glasses, thermostats, body scales, and cars. Given that the Internet is so large and has so many diverse components and uses, is there any hope of understanding how it works? Are there guiding principles and structure that can provide a foundation for understanding such an amazingly large and complex system? And if so, is it possible that it actually could be both interesting <i>and</i> fun to learn about computer networks? Fortunately, the answer to all of these questions is a resounding YES! Indeed, it’s our aim in this book to provide you with a modern introduction to the dynamic field of computer networking, giving you the principles and practical insights you’ll need to understand not only today’s networks, but tomorrow’s as well.</p>
<p id="P7001011952000000000000000009725" data-uri="M01_KURO4140_07_SE_C01.xhtml#P7001011952000000000000000009725">This first chapter presents a broad overview of computer networking and the Internet. Our goal here is to paint a broad picture and set the context for the rest of this book, to see the forest through the trees. We’ll cover a lot of ground in this introductory chapter and discuss a lot of the pieces of a computer network, without losing sight of the big picture.</p>
<p id="P7001011952000000000000000009726" data-uri="M01_KURO4140_07_SE_C01.xhtml#P7001011952000000000000000009726">We’ll structure our overview of computer networks in this chapter as follows. After introducing some basic terminology and concepts, we’ll first examine the basic hardware and software components that make up a network. We’ll begin at the network’s edge and look at the end systems and network applications running in the network. We’ll then explore the core of a computer network, examining the links <span class="pagebreak" title="2" id="P700101195200000000000000000045F" data-uri="M01_KURO4140_07_SE_C01.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000045F" epub:type="pagebreak" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>and the switches that transport data, as well as the access networks and physical media that connect end systems to the network core. We’ll learn that the Internet is a network of networks, and we’ll learn how these networks connect with each other.</p>
<p id="P7001011952000000000000000009727" data-uri="M01_KURO4140_07_SE_C01.xhtml#P7001011952000000000000000009727">After having completed this overview of the edge and core of a computer network, we’ll take the broader and more abstract view in the second half of this chapter. We’ll examine delay, loss, and throughput of data in a computer network and provide simple quantitative models for end-to-end throughput and delay: models that take into account transmission, propagation, and queuing delays. We’ll then introduce some of the key architectural principles in computer networking, namely, protocol layering and service models. We’ll also learn that computer networks are vulnerable to many different types of attacks; we’ll survey some of these attacks and consider how computer networks can be made more secure. Finally, we’ll close this chapter with a brief history of computer networking.</p>
<!--EOF:P7001011952000000000000000000461-->

<!--EOF:P70010119520000000000000000004B3-->

<!--EOF:P7001011952000000000000000000542-->

<!--EOF:P70010119520000000000000000005CD-->

<!--EOF:P700101195200000000000000000065D-->

<!--EOF:P700101195200000000000000000071C-->

<!--EOF:P7001011952000000000000000000751-->

<!--EOF:P7001011952000000000000000000790-->

</section>
<!--EOF:P70010119520000000000000000007B0-->

</section></body></html>