<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><html xmlns:m="http://www.w3.org/1998/Math/MathML" xmlns:svg="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en" epub:prefix="index: http://www.index.com/"><head>
<meta name="dcterms.conformsTo" content="PXE Basic 1.0"></meta>
<meta name="generator" content="PXE Tools version 1.39.109"></meta>
<!--Created by pxe.pl for standard version PXE Basic 1.0,data-profile-product=standard by PXE Tools 1.39.109, partial=false-->
<title>Chapter  6 The Link Layer and LANs</title><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="sepia" href="../css/sepia.css"></link><link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="night" href="../css/night.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/main.css"></link><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="day" href="../css/print.css"></link>
<script src="js/format_lg_obj.js"></script>
</head><body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section class="chapter" id="P70010119520000000000000000023B1" epub:type="chapter" role="doc-chapter"><header><h1 class="title" id="P700101195200000000000000000AF14" data-uri="M06_KURO4140_07_SE_C06.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000AF14" epub:type="title"><span class="pagebreak" title="439" id="P70010119520000000000000000023B3" data-uri="M06_KURO4140_07_SE_C06.xhtml#P70010119520000000000000000023B3" epub:type="pagebreak" role="doc-pagebreak"></span><span class="label">Chapter </span> <span class="number">6</span> The Link Layer and LANs</h1></header>
<section id="P70010119520000000000000000023B4" data-uri="M06_KURO4140_07_SE_C06.xhtml#P70010119520000000000000000023B4" class="bodymatter">
<p id="P700101195200000000000000000AF15" data-uri="M06_KURO4140_07_SE_C06.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000AF15">In the previous two chapters we learned that the  network layer provides a communication service between <i>any</i> two network hosts. Between the two hosts, datagrams travel over a series of communication links, some wired and some wireless, starting at the source host, passing through a series of packet switches (switches and routers) and ending at the destination host. As we continue down the protocol stack, from the network layer to the link layer, we naturally wonder how packets are sent across the <i>individual links</i> that make up the end-to-end communication path. How are the network-layer datagrams encapsulated in the link-layer frames for transmission over a single link? Are different link-layer protocols used in the different links along the communication path? How are transmission conflicts in broadcast links resolved? Is there addressing at the link layer and, if so, how does the link-layer addressing operate with the network-layer addressing we learned about in <a class="xref" href="fileP70010119520000000000000000019C1.xhtml#P70010119520000000000000000019C1" data-foobar="7"><span class="label">Chapter</span> <span class="number">4</span></a>? And what exactly is the difference between a switch and a router? We’ll answer these and other important questions in this chapter.</p>
<p id="P700101195200000000000000000AF16" data-uri="M06_KURO4140_07_SE_C06.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000AF16">In discussing the link layer, we’ll see that there are two fundamentally ­different types of link-layer channels. The first type are broadcast channels, which connect multiple hosts in wireless LANs, satellite networks, and hybrid fiber-coaxial cable (HFC) access networks. Since many hosts are connected to the same broadcast communication channel, a so-called medium access protocol is needed to coordinate frame transmission. In some cases, a central controller may be used to coordinate <span class="pagebreak" title="440" id="P70010119520000000000000000023B7" data-uri="M06_KURO4140_07_SE_C06.xhtml#P70010119520000000000000000023B7" epub:type="pagebreak" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>transmissions; in other cases, the hosts themselves coordinate transmissions. The second type of link-layer channel is the point-to-point communication link, such as that often found between two routers connected by a long-distance link, or between a user’s office computer and the nearby Ethernet switch to which it is connected. Coordinating access to a point-to-point link is simpler; the reference material on this book’s Web site has a detailed discussion of the Point-to-Point Protocol (PPP), which is used in settings ranging from dial-up service over a telephone line to high-speed point-to-point frame transport over fiber-optic links.</p>
<p id="P700101195200000000000000000AF17" data-uri="M06_KURO4140_07_SE_C06.xhtml#P700101195200000000000000000AF17">We’ll explore several important link-layer concepts and technologies in this ­chapter. We’ll dive deeper into error detection and correction, a topic we touched on briefly in <a class="xref" href="fileP70010119520000000000000000010EC.xhtml#P70010119520000000000000000010EC" data-foobar="7"><span class="label">Chapter</span> <span class="number">3</span></a>. We’ll consider multiple access networks and switched LANs, including Ethernet—by far the most prevalent wired LAN technology. We’ll also look at virtual LANs, and data center networks. Although WiFi, and more generally wireless LANs, are link-layer topics, we’ll postpone our study of these important topics until <a class="xref" href="fileP70010119520000000000000000028C7.xhtml#P70010119520000000000000000028C7" data-foobar="7"><span class="label">Chapter</span> <span class="number">7</span></a>.</p>
<!--EOF:P70010119520000000000000000023B9-->

<!--EOF:P70010119520000000000000000023E8-->

<!--EOF:P700101195200000000000000000245F-->

<!--EOF:P700101195200000000000000000254D-->

<!--EOF:P7001011952000000000000000002690-->

<!--EOF:P70010119520000000000000000026DA-->

<!--EOF:P700101195200000000000000000270E-->

<!--EOF:P7001011952000000000000000002781-->

</section>
<!--EOF:P700101195200000000000000000278B-->

</section></body></html>